docblueprint/pages/teamwork.md, before:

# Team Work

## Team Canvas
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Fames ac turpis egestas sed tempus. Aliquam ultrices sagittis orci a scelerisque purus semper. Lectus proin nibh nisl condimentum. Pharetra massa massa ultricies mi quis hendrerit. Ornare arcu odio ut sem. Proin nibh nisl condimentum id. Venenatis lectus magna fringilla urna porttitor rhoncus dolor. Ac tortor vitae purus faucibus. Quam quisque id diam vel quam. Massa tempor nec feugiat nisl pretium. Velit sed ullamcorper morbi tincidunt ornare massa eget. Nisl nisi scelerisque eu ultrices vitae auctor eu augue ut. Eu lobortis elementum nibh tellus molestie nunc. Lacus vestibulum sed arcu non. Faucibus et molestie ac feugiat sed lectus vestibulum mattis.

Nulla porttitor massa id neque aliquam vestibulum morbi blandit. Nisl suscipit adipiscing bibendum est ultricies integer quis auctor. A cras semper auctor neque vitae tempus. Tristique risus nec feugiat in fermentum. Urna cursus eget nunc scelerisque viverra mauris. Vestibulum sed arcu non odio euismod. Vitae sapien pellentesque habitant morbi. Consectetur adipiscing elit pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus. Consequat semper viverra nam libero justo laoreet. Non enim praesent elementum facilisis leo vel fringilla est. Ullamcorper sit amet risus nullam eget felis eget nunc.

## Belbin Roles
See [https://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles](https://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles).

| **Name**        | **Preferred Roles** | **Manageable Roles** | **Least Preferred Roles** |
| --------------- | ------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | IMP, CF, SP         | PL, TW, ME           | SH, RI, CO                |
| Raunak Agarwal  | SH, RI, IMP         | CO, PL, SP           | ME, TW, CF                |
| Vaibhav Chugh   | CO, IMP, CF         | ME, RI, SP           | SH, PL, TW                |
| Juyi Han        | ME, IMP, CF         | SP, PL, SH           | RI, TW, CO                |
| Huy Ta          | CF, CO, TW          | SP, IMP, ME          | PL, SH, RI                |
| Kevin Sha       | PL, ME, IMP         | SH, SP, CF           | RI, CO, TW                |

### Thinking Roles

#### PL (Plant)

> Tends to be highly creative and good at solving problems in unconventional ways.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Kevin Sha     | Mohammad Hammad |
|               | Raunak Agarwal  |
|               | Juyi Han        |

#### ME (Monitor Evaluator)

> Provides a logical eye, making impartial judgements where required and weighs up the team's options in a dispassionate way.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Juyi Han      | Mohammad Hammad |
| Kevin Sha     | Vaibhav Chugh   |
|               | Huy Ta          |

#### SP (Specialist)

> Brings in-depth knowledge of a key area to the team.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | Raunak Agarwal  |
|                 | Vaibhav Chugh   |
|                 | Juyi Han        |
|                 | Huy Ta          |
|                 | Kevin Sha       |

### Action Roles

#### SH (Shaper)

> Provides the necessary drive to ensure that the team keeps moving and does not lose focus or momentum.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Raunak Agarwal  | Raunak Agarwal  |
|                 | Juyi Han        |
|                 | Kevin Sha       |

#### IMP (Implementer)

> Needed to plan a workable strategy and carry it out as efficiently as possible.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | Huy Ta          |
| Vaibhav Chugh   |                 |
| Raunak Agarwal  |                 |
| Juyi Han        |                 |
| Kevin Sha       |                 |

#### CF (Completer Finisher)

> Most effectively used at the end of tasks to polish and scrutinise the work for errors, subjecting it to the highest standards of quality control.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | Kevin Sha       |
| Vaibhav Chugh   |                 |
| Juyi Han        |                 |
| Huy Ta          |                 |

### People Roles

#### RI (Resource Investigator)

> Uses their inquisitive nature to find ideas to bring back to the team. 

| **Preferred**  | **Manageable**  |
| -------------- | --------------- |
| Raunak Agarwal | Vaibhav Chugh   |

#### TW (Teamworker)

> Helps the team to gel, using their versatility to identify the work required and complete it on behalf of the team.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Huy Ta        | Mohammad Hammad |

#### CO (Co-ordinator)

> Needed to focus on the team's objectives, draw out team members and delegate work appropriately.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Vaibhav Chugh | Raunak Agarwal  |
| Huy Ta        |                 |

Commit message:

added sequence diagram and team canvas, updates

docblueprint/pages/teamwork.md, after:

# Team Work

## Team Canvas
Below is the team canvas for our team
![TeamCanvas](../images/teamcanvas.png)

## Belbin Roles
See [https://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles](https://www.belbin.com/about/belbin-team-roles).

| **Name**        | **Preferred Roles** | **Manageable Roles** | **Least Preferred Roles** |
| --------------- | ------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | IMP, CF, SP         | PL, TW, ME           | SH, RI, CO                |
| Raunak Agarwal  | SH, RI, IMP         | CO, PL, SP           | ME, TW, CF                |
| Vaibhav Chugh   | CO, IMP, CF         | ME, RI, SP           | SH, PL, TW                |
| Juyi Han        | ME, IMP, CF         | SP, PL, SH           | RI, TW, CO                |
| Huy Ta          | CF, CO, TW          | SP, IMP, ME          | PL, SH, RI                |
| Kevin Sha       | PL, ME, IMP         | SH, SP, CF           | RI, CO, TW                |

### Thinking Roles

#### PL (Plant)

> Tends to be highly creative and good at solving problems in unconventional ways.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Kevin Sha     | Mohammad Hammad |
|               | Raunak Agarwal  |
|               | Juyi Han        |

#### ME (Monitor Evaluator)

> Provides a logical eye, making impartial judgements where required and weighs up the team's options in a dispassionate way.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Juyi Han      | Mohammad Hammad |
| Kevin Sha     | Vaibhav Chugh   |
|               | Huy Ta          |

#### SP (Specialist)

> Brings in-depth knowledge of a key area to the team.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | Raunak Agarwal  |
|                 | Vaibhav Chugh   |
|                 | Juyi Han        |
|                 | Huy Ta          |
|                 | Kevin Sha       |

### Action Roles

#### SH (Shaper)

> Provides the necessary drive to ensure that the team keeps moving and does not lose focus or momentum.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Raunak Agarwal  | Raunak Agarwal  |
|                 | Juyi Han        |
|                 | Kevin Sha       |

#### IMP (Implementer)

> Needed to plan a workable strategy and carry it out as efficiently as possible.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | Huy Ta          |
| Vaibhav Chugh   |                 |
| Raunak Agarwal  |                 |
| Juyi Han        |                 |
| Kevin Sha       |                 |

#### CF (Completer Finisher)

> Most effectively used at the end of tasks to polish and scrutinise the work for errors, subjecting it to the highest standards of quality control.

| **Preferred**   | **Manageable**  |
| --------------- | --------------- |
| Mohammad Hammad | Kevin Sha       |
| Vaibhav Chugh   |                 |
| Juyi Han        |                 |
| Huy Ta          |                 |

### People Roles

#### RI (Resource Investigator)

> Uses their inquisitive nature to find ideas to bring back to the team. 

| **Preferred**  | **Manageable**  |
| -------------- | --------------- |
| Raunak Agarwal | Vaibhav Chugh   |

#### TW (Teamworker)

> Helps the team to gel, using their versatility to identify the work required and complete it on behalf of the team.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Huy Ta        | Mohammad Hammad |

#### CO (Co-ordinator)

> Needed to focus on the team's objectives, draw out team members and delegate work appropriately.

| **Preferred** | **Manageable**  |
| ------------- | --------------- |
| Vaibhav Chugh | Raunak Agarwal  |
| Huy Ta        |                 |
